Reload triggers remote file installation documentation (#452)
cylc/cylc-doc: src/user-guide/running-workflows/scheduler-start-up.rst

If you make an error in the ``flow.cylc`` file before a reload, the workflow
log will report an error and the reload will have no effect.

Note, :ref:`RemoteInit` will be triggered upon reload. This will affect any

> subsequent tasks, and not currently running ones.

Reviewer: Ditto, as above.

they can run directly on target platforms, and you can rerun them later without
restarting the workflow.

.. note::

>    Any files configured to be included in the remote file installation that are
>    changed, can be reinstalled on the remote with ``cylc reload``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Files configured for installation to remote job platforms can be reinstalled by doing a reload. The reinstallation is done when the first job submits to a platform after the reload.
```
